Update bazel docs in getting started and add example code (#1342)
maplibre/maplibre-native: platform/ios/platform/ios/README.md

3. Choose "Next". Xcode should clone the distribution repository and download the binaries.

4. To create a minimal app, update `ContentView.swift` (which should have been automatically created when you initalized the new XCode project) with the following contents:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```swift
```

        
        mapView.logoView.isHidden = true
        
        mapView.setCenter(
            CLLocationCoordinate2D(
                latitude: 23.16, longitude: -109.50), animated: false)
        
        mapView.setZoomLevel(4, animated: false)
        return mapView
        
    }
    
    func updateUIView(_ mapView: MGLMapView, context: Context) {
        // Update the view if needed
    }
}
```

There is a an open bounty to extend this Getting Started guide ([#809](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-native/issues/809)). In the meantime, refer to one of these external guides:

- [Get Started with MapLibre Native for iOS using SwiftUI](https://docs.maptiler.com/maplibre-gl-native-ios/ios-swiftui-basic-get-started/)
- [Get Started With MapLibre Native for iOS using UIKit](https://docs.maptiler.com/maplibre-gl-native-ios/ios-uikit-basic-get-started/)

## Developing

The following are instructions on how to build `maplibre-native` for development purposes. 

### Downloading Source

Download the source and install all submodules if you have not already, by running the following from the root of the repository. 

```

> git clone git@github.com:maplibre/maplibre-native.git maplibre-native

Reviewer: It's easier to just clone with `--recurse-submodules`

cd maplibre-native
git submodule update --init --recursive
```

> Next run the following to add required dependencies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next run the following to generate some files that are needed:
```
